hi to all this summit this week on
the inauguration of the showroom ds world
paris and on a novelty coming soon
lamborghini we will also take the
first impressions of our
journalist melina priam driving the
peugeot rcz
r but before that place to the last
number of self newspaper in newsstand
until December 11, discover
the special file novelties 2014
experts tackle them at the bmw coupe
435 y not forgetting the match between the kia
pro ceed gt and the renault clio rs
also helps to remind fans
of the 911 porsche that our confreres of
sport car presently has a
exceptional DVD books box that makes
relive 50 years of testing this
mythical sport on sale exclusively
to the fnac on his side peugeot to de
new arguments to make in
terms of sportiness
the lion has just recently introduced the
cut rcz
r it is the most standard model
powerful in the history of the builder
to the lion under the hood the 1 8 6 thp sees
its power climb to 270 horsepower and
his torque at 330 newtons-meters the plug
technique is impressive for a
French car with a 0 to 100km refa
it's in just five seconds nine and
a top speed of 250 km / h
peugeot wants to stand up to these best
rival German porsche including
against to respect or not elements of
answer with melina priam peugeot did
a remarkable development work
on on the chassis and it's true that this
rcz air is very pleasant to drive
he is he is precise he is agile he says
really nice more pleasant even
that kate was there so we are on
vehicles and that are directly
comparable it's true it's not
to blush the comparison in addition to it
is cheaper now
we may not be able to compare rcr to
a porsche cayman because because the
Porsche Cayman will remain superior in
terms of mechanical approval in the
region where he is equipped with a flat 6 the
peugeot rcz dr will arrive in
concessions early 2014 at the rate of 42
thousand 900 euros to which it will be necessary
add an ecological penalty of 500 euros
still in the psa group but this
time at the cousin citroen time is
at the inauguration of a new showroom ds
near the fields elysées for his evening
inaugural on November 25 last the ds
world paris this is his name welcomed
several models outside the
ds3 to the ds5 not to mention a goddess of
frédéric banzet general manager of
Citroën and Philippe Varin President of
directory of psa had made the
traveling for the occasion
among the guests sébastien loeb and yvan
muller thomas dutronc is him mounted on
stage for a private concert
the guests also discovered the
any news from 3ds world paris a
model limited to only 15 copies
the showroom is open to the public
you at 33 rue françois 1er in
the 8th arrondissement of paris we finish
with lamborghini that just introduced
the last gallardo to come out of
production lines
This is number 14 1022 but
rest assured the bull did not take
long to start fighting again since
we already listen to the sound of the engine
of his successor
all that remains is to be patient
until the next teaser thank you
have followed next week